Add columns Prop to ChoiceCardGroup (#554)
guardian/source: src/core/components/choice-card/README.md

**Note:** if you pass the `checked` prop, you **must** also pass an `onChange` handler, or the field will be rendered as read-only.

### `columns`

**`number`**

> The number of columns in which the ChoiceCardGroup should be displayed. If this is prop is not set it is going to be displayed without wrapping to the other line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To render of grid of choice cards, specify the number of columns. If this prop is not set, cards will appear on a single line.
```
